counterfeit artist lee mann aaron kwok
is extradited to hong kong from a
thailand jail
the hong kong police force are
investigating a series of murders and
robberies involving counterfeit notes
the mastermind behind these crimes is a
mysterious figure known only as the
painter
who is the alleged head of his own
counterfeit operation and lee's boss
lee refuses to expose painter insisting
that his life will be in danger
but inspector ho catherine chao counters
claiming to have evidence linking lead
to the murders
the proceedings are interrupted by the
arrival of noted artist yoon man
zhang jing cho who attempts to have
leigh freed on bail
an agreement is reached where lee will
be released into witness protection in
exchange for exposing the identity of
the painter and recounting the history
of their criminal activity
during the 1990s lee and yoon lived
together in vancouver as lovers and
painters
but failed to sell any of their artworks
and struggle to make ends
meet they have a reversal of fortune
when an agent finds yuen's artwork and
recognizes her artistic talent
however lee's own original art is
criticized for only imitating the styles
of the great masters
lee realizes his skill at imitation and
reluctantly becomes an art forger to
make a living
but yoon disapproves lee's work as a
forger is noticed by the painter
chao yoon fat who invites lee to join
his counterfeit banknote operation
frustrated at his own arts lack of
success lee agrees to leave canada with
the goal of returning and winning over
yoon
painter also offers to help lee with his
romantic ambitions
working with painter's team to overcome
the security features of the new 1996
u.s 100
bill lee finds success in his new role
but is reluctant to cooperate with
painters erratic and often violent
methods
especially after an intense armored car
hijacking in canada
resulting in the deaths of all the
guards with their stock of new bills
painters team travel to thailand to
renegotiate their contract with crime
boss the general
painter declines the general's terms and
reveals that he has come to thailand for
revenge
knowing that the general was responsible
for the death of painter's father years
earlier
during the destruction of the compound
lee rescues souching
the general's own counterfeit expert
meanwhile
yoon has been making a successful career
as an artist
when painter and leave is at one of her
exhibitions painter informsly he has
bought all the art
for lee to decorate his new thailand
mansion and impress yoon
confused by lee's negative reaction
painter learns that yoon is already
engaged to marry her agent
sachin joins painter's team after
recovering from her injuries
painter gives her a fake passport with
the name yoon man to lee's amusement
painter learns that the next buyer for
the counterfeit money is an undercover
law enforcement agent from the canadian
police
in the hotel room where the buyer meets
painter's team painter claims to want to
exit the counterfeit business and
offers to sell the buyer the printing
plate lee is asked by painter to
retrieve the box containing the plate
and offer the plate to the buyer
but the box only contains a handgun the
buyer sees a reflection of the gun while
lee hesitates and painter is forced to
shoot the buyer in the ensuing struggle
frustrated with lee's lack of willpower
painter reveals that yoon and her agent
are bound and blindfolded in the next
room
painter insists that if lee really wants
yoon in his life then he needs to prove
it by killing the agent
when lee refuses to do so painter shoots
the agent himself
causing lee to angrily turn his gun at
the painter
almost everybody is killed in the chaos
that follows lee
xoxing and yoon are the only survivors
and the former to flee to lee's new home
in thailand
the newspapers report that painter's
body was never found
and lee is eventually arrested by the
thai police after being found with
counterfeit bank notes
as he is being taken away lee sees
painter in a crowd waving at him
implying that he was the one that
planted the counterfeits on lee
in present-day hong kong lee and yoon
are escorted to a hotel
inspector ho notices a man matching
lee's description of painter who is
dressed in uniform and attempting to
enter police headquarters
he is ambushed and captured confused
the man insists he is a legitimate
police officer and was the driver who
brought lee man from the airport to
police hq days earlier
it is revealed that while the events of
lee's story are mostly accurate
lee's description of painter is
fabricated and lee himself was painter
all along
the real yoon man is painting in china
while the yoon man in hong kong is
actually
souching who received cosmetic surgery
to look like yoon following the burns
she received in the raid on the generals
compound
sachin had feelings for lee but then
realized that lee was only using her as
a replica of the real yoon man
so she turned lee into the police in
thailand for counterfeiting
while in prison lee wrote to souching
asking for forgiveness and for her to
help him escape
to which she eventually agrees lee and
sachin kill their guards and escape hong
kong by boat
the next day souching reveals to lee
that she has been deliberately sailing
in circles and they are still in hong
kong waters
as the police surround them she
describes how she is tired of living
with two identities as a replacement to
lee's love for yoon man
and detonates a cache of explosives on
the boat
later in china inspector ho visits yoon
man to inform her that painter has been
killed
yoon is indifferent to the news saying
that painter's death will not do
anything to bring back her fiance
asked if she recognizes lee's photograph
yoon simply states that the man used to
be her neighbor
the part of lee's story where he lived
together with yoon was also fabricated
and